monas and reflections commenting on a
new gameplay
this time it 's modern warfare 3 is a
departure of the operations mission
special I have no idea how to
but I know you have to go to the reactor
and deactivate it well I'll go straight to
grain and explain what are the
dedicated servers the non-dedicated and
some little things that have to do with
they are worth first of all say that
a server that is a mother a server is
a much more powerful computer than the
that you will have in your houses unless
that you have a computer of these
extremes but good is usually much more
powerful and that is designed to
endure in long play sessions of
I use well a dedicated server is a
computer
which is where a game is played
ok and that is only dedicated to
that online games are played in the
say so that people connect to that
computer and can play online is worth how
is dedicated nobody is using it
nobody is downloading they are
downloading things is not being
shared or nothing is only used
to play for that connections with
the servers are very fluid in the
departure then at the end the experience of
game then improve vouchers more is more
funny on the contrary a server
not dedicated is still the same as the
dedicated only that it is a computer
in which files are being downloaded
is being used for other purposes or
for other things
also
that is being shared to be
used with different games ie
a computer can be running as
You see model is going to be three and ni for speed
for example
that is, when I want to play
online iffor steve I can connect to
this server that is not dedicated and
also when we can do three
I will also connect to this server
It's worth it because you share the
connection between the different games that
run the gaming experience will be
worse since you will be much more likely to
you meet with the lag and good all
we know what to play with and if not what
we know you are the worst of the worst you
they take away the desire to play at least
my
Now I'm going to talk about something that I
say the next one take me to the next
gameplay point which is what is the
maximum quin the matchmaking
in a few words, what it does is
based on the connection in the speed
of the connection of your console when your
internet searches for the server or the game
have best possible connection worth
so you do not suffer agn and nothing and
because I say this because normally the
maximum quin is usually used in games
that do not have dedicated servers
ok because with a game you have
dedicated servers
usually you connect to a
a list of items of
servers too and you connect in
them and then you get this is what
it happens in consoles I think I guess
it also happens
I repeat again that a game has
matchmaking does not mean you do not have
dedicated servers the only thing that has
said is that usually the games
that does not have dedicated servers are
use but good
but very well defined pretty much
but
and it is that there are some companies like
activision that they do not use it and because
there are other companies like activision that
yes I look forgiving as electronic
saying it using this is because a
Dedicated server requires maintenance
you have to install it city configurables
you have to keep them worth that takes
Y
economic expense and that is why the
they use because it compensates us because they do not
they have simply because I think that
activision would not compensate more point but
not from here because he also used
I have to say that not always the
game company start solís and that
is not always the one in charge of putting
Served dedicated with X and others
companies like for their first big unique
thing that we can
Yes Yes
i